alright youtubers today we're going to
be making spicy tuna rolls you will need
yuck annoy rolling seaweed some ketchup
and mayo sushi rice hot chili sauce
otherwise known as rooster sauce garlic
powder some salt or if you can find the
combination that's already mixed up
that's great and sushi seasoning also
known as sushi vinegar and shimmy grade
tuna have some already made up so this
is what you'll be shooting for as your
finished product so let's show you how
to get there this is I have one cup of
sushi rice that have added my sushi
seasoning to this is basically a sushi
vinegar come this is this brand is made
a little bit more for sushi because it
has a little bit milder taste kind of a
sweeter flavor to it not as strong and
straight sushi vinegar just add it to
taste onto your rice on this rice is
cooled almost room temperature you don't
want to make too hot rice he's hot rice
in your sushi and
some people use their fingers to put
their rights on their rolling paper
seaweed but I use the rice spoon it
makes the nice even smooth bed for your
tuna
because you want some pretty sushi don't
some lopsided sushi check it out all the
way to the edge of the rolling sea weed
like so and that's about I guess four
inches or so I guess you can say such a
mean greater tuna cut you a piece that's
about half inch thick so take that piece
and cut it in the middle
so
two pieces lay them on your rice so into
end so there it goes over to the hitch
this is your spicy tuna sauce it's just
basically half mayo half catch up and
then you add your spicy sriracha chili
sauce in or people call it rooster soft
spoken as a rooster all in front of it
and get this about any store you can add
your garlic powder and salt and just
some black pepper this is actually
garlic salt and mix already mixed up so
you just add a few dashes in there and
stir it up and chased it you know see
how hot you want to make it just keep
adding this hot sauce in to get as hot
as you want and then you just basically
put a little layer on your tuna kind of
give it a little coating on all those
sides
like Sir if you want more you can add
more or less so here's your sushi ready
rolled take it and roll it over
and you roll it up and you will need to
have some water in a bowl twitch your
fingers in just so you can add a little
water to the edge you're throwing
seaweed to make it stick it's just like
an envelope once it gets way to get
sticky and you just roll it right over
there and that edge will stick itself
down to the other side of the sushi roll
and there it is okay
and usually one role will make about
eight pieces I don't cut my pieces
really babe i can get ate out of one
roll pretty easy
you can see when you use the right spin
you can get a nice even amount of rice
onto your role and your tunes in the
middle is it really nice and neat if you
want to you can add a little bit more
your spicy sauce on top to give it some
color and make it just a little bit
hotter
they have a whole plate of spicy tuna
rolls ready to go remember practice
makes perfect if your sushi doesn't come
out perfect the first time it's okay
just keep practicing and you'll
eventually get I no idea and good luck
and happy sushi rolling